wiki/FAQ.md, before:

---
title: Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
layout: info-faq
permalink: /FAQ/
---

## Is Enjade supported by/worked on with Canonical?
Enjade remains a separate entity from Canonical, and there is no relation or affiliation with Canonical at the moment.

## Is Enjade Core a Plasma _fork_, or a _Look&Feel package_?
Enjade is available as a _Look&Feel package_, giving existing Plasma users an easy transition to the Enjade desktop. However, we do have plans to make an installable package via Snappy and/or Flatpak that bundles Plasma and Enjade together, with Enjade set as the default Look&Feel package for Plasma.

In addition to the Look&Feel package, some of the plasmoids, like the **Enjade Launcher (Chrysalis)**, are forks of some of the default KDE plasmoids. This brings overall familiarity while adding extensibility and customizability to these plasmoids. They are automatically bundled with the Look&Feel package, making installation easy.

## Will Enjade Core replicate Unity 7, or will it do more?
As of right now, the primary goal is to replicate the Unity 7 interface into Plasma almost identically. With the exception to theming, most of Enjade will look and feel similar to the latest Unity 7 package, Unity 7.4. This is to lay the foundation for what Enjade will build upon, so Enjade's development _doesn't end_ when the interface replication is complete.

## What will Enjade add next?
Once the interface replication is complete, new features and improvements will be added to make it even more useful and powerful, while providing a familiar look.

We cover these feature additions in a roadmap on our wiki, [which you can find here](http://www.github.com/enjade-project/enjade/wiki/Feature-Roadmap).

## Is Enjade associated with Acquainted Safari?
If you are unfamiliar with Acquainted Safari, [Acquainted Safari](http://www.acquaintedsafari.ga) is a community centered around creating content of multiple types, from eBooks to apps and services.

While Acquainted Safari plans to use Enjade as the default desktop environment in their operating platform, [VivaOS](http://viva.acquaintedsafari.ga), there are no associations between Acquainted Safari and the Enjade community.

> "Yes, I do run Acquainted Safari and am a part of Enjade, but these are separate entities; I never intended for these entities to collide with each other as a single entity, but as a connection between two communities." - Marquis Kurt  

## Free hugs?
We could try, but we don't know how to make a plasmoid for that. :/

Commit message:

Move some FAQ to Core page

wiki/FAQ.md, after:

---
title: Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
layout: info-faq
permalink: /FAQ/
---

## Is Enjade supported by/worked on with Canonical?
Enjade remains a separate entity from Canonical, and there is no relation or affiliation with Canonical at the moment.

## Is Enjade associated with Acquainted Safari?
If you are unfamiliar with Acquainted Safari, [Acquainted Safari](http://www.acquaintedsafari.ga) is a community centered around creating content of multiple types, from eBooks to apps and services.

> "Yes, I do run Acquainted Safari and am a part of Enjade, but these are separate entities; I never intended for these entities to collide with each other as a single entity, but as a connection between two communities." - Marquis Kurt 

&nbsp;

While Acquainted Safari plans to use Enjade as the default desktop environment in their operating platform, [VivaOS](http://viva.acquaintedsafari.ga), there are no associations between Acquainted Safari and the Enjade community.


## Free hugs?
We're working on it, but check with our friends at [Ubuntu](http://www.ubuntu.com).
